I just have a stroke that I blow out my
short-term memory I thought I was
talking to Tony Duran how many things
can go wrong in one day for Tony Duran
everything dad I pay you rent okay
I pay your rent and I don't even sleep
there anymore I know my and it all went
into the black hole a casualty of the
Great Recession Tony is ready to do just
about anything to make a few bucks two
days to turn two grand into six I really
don't want to know what it is do I know
I want to keep this away from the kids
my clientele they're more mature oh well
oh god I feel better thank you if you've
ever been out of shape out of luck so
I've asked it off out of hope
if you've ever cried screamed to the sky
or crashed to the ground here's a
fiercely independent feature film to
remind you that it's never too late and
that even a has-been
who never really was and come back
surprise
I'm real happy
it was a life-changing experience for me
and I hope that transfers over to people
to the audience when they see this film
a bit of ghost I've been at go since you
know me you really don't know me at all
and I wanted to say hello to you for a
long time but see I things haven't been
very good and I just haven't felt
financially qualified to ask you out
it's a lot of fun to do something a
little bit outside of the box I mix up a
mighty tasty tea from pharmaceutical
grade soot ephedrine and I sell you a
prospectus
I don't know if I'll ever have a chance
to do something like that again this is
a real story about somebody who is
imperfect your protagonists of your film
is almost like your antihero
he's trying mm-hmm yeah yeah he's really
could attain sorry afterwards he is how
we all are we are up defunct and an
imperfect will you see him
the film is has been so well received by
audiences and I think that the main
reason is because it has so much heart
please don't go there I'm such an idiot
to think that he was any different wait
wait a second wait the audience wants to
believe and wants to be a part of
Reclamation wants to be a part of
overcoming people walk out remembering
the end they remember the encore if
you're lucky enough to be asked for an
encore or what's going on in America and
it's more than just challenges the
anxiety what is with you old guys in
lying but it's lying because to get you
to see your father on the stage that's
just so I'd live I don't know maybe it
is and whining to ourselves it's just
told you guys to survive it's a reflex
from dealing with women and other sundry
problems living a delusion something
that sometimes it's all we have winner
the jury Awards Las Vegas International
Film Festival winner Best Feature Film
Santa Fe Independent Film Festival
winner spirit of Independence award Fort
Lauderdale International Film Festival
winner audience favorite tallgrass
International Film Festival the Encore
of Tony Duran a friend a cig film